Add logistics pages (#24)
osg-htc/school-2025: docs/logistics/travel-advice.md

    Try to let us know about the situation, when you can.

*   If you will arrive later than Sunday, just do your best to get here.
    Try to let us know about your situation as soon as you can.
    We can help deal things like the hotel and may be able to suggest travel options.

If you need to make flight changes, see below.

## If Your Arrival Back Home Is Delayed

If you flights back home are delayed, there is not as much that we can do.
For example, it is not clear whether we can pay for changes on return flights.
Contact your airline to find out how they will get you home.

## If You Must Make Flight Changes

If one or more flights are cancelled,
or **if we approve flight changes and their fees in advance**,
you will need to make new plans with your airline.

If you are at an airport,
it is a good idea to get in line at your airline’s service counter right away.
Also, you can try calling their service number while waiting in line!

For any change that requires extra payment,
**you must get our approval and make the change through Fox World Travel**,
UW–Madison’s only approved travel agency.
If you pay for a change any other way, we cannot reimburse you.

> **Fox World Travel phone number:** +1 (844) 630-3853

Reviewer: I will check this number...

**Note:** If you call Fox World Travel on the weekend or outside of 7am–7:30pm (Central),
they will charge us $20 just for calling.
So please use this option only when you must pay for approved flight changes.

If there are significant changes to your travel plans,
when you have time,

> please [email us](mailto:school@opensciencegrid.org) with your news or reach out to us on Slack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
please [email us](mailto:school@osg-htc.org) with your news or reach out to us on Slack.
```
